“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.",Walt Disney
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started.”,Mark Twain
“I’ve missed more than 9,000 shots in my career. I’ve lost almost 300 games. 26 times I’ve been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I’ve failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed.”,Michael Jordan
“Don’t limit yourself. Many people limit themselves to what they think they can do. You can go as far as your mind lets you. What you believe, remember, you can achieve.”,Mary Kay Ash
“Only the paranoid survive.”,Andy Grove
“It’s hard to beat a person who never gives up.”,Babe Ruth
“If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can’t hear them anymore.”,Michele Ruiz
“We need to accept that we won’t always make the right decisions, that we’ll screw up royally sometimes – understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it’s part of success.”,Arianna Huffington
“Write it. Shoot it. Publish it. Crochet it, sauté it, whatever. MAKE.”,Joss Whedon
“You’ve gotta dance like there’s nobody watching, love like you’ll never be hurt, sing like there’s nobody listening, and live like it’s heaven on earth.”,William W. Purkey
“Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.”,Neil Gaiman
“Everything you can imagine is real.”,Pablo Picasso
“When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.”,Helen Keller
“Do one thing every day that scares you.”,Eleanor Roosevelt
“It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.”,Lewis Carroll
“Smart people learn from everything and everyone, average people from their experiences, stupid people already have all the answers.”,Socrates
“Do what you feel in your heart to be right – for you’ll be criticized anyway.”,Eleanor Roosevelt
"Always pass on what you have learned.", Yoda
“Knock, And He'll open the door. Vanish, And He'll make you shine like the sun. Fall, And He'll raise you to the heavens. Become nothing, And He'll turn you into everything.”, Jalal Ad-Din Rumi
“Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.”, Carl Sagan
“Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.”, Roy T. Bennett
“No woman wants to be in submission to a man who isn't in submission to God!”, T D Jakes
“The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.”, Anais Nin
“A single day is enough to make us a little larger or, another time, a little smaller.”, Paul Klee